FEATURES
	Structure letter tile in Unity
	Layout letter tiles in Unity
	Controller sets a letter in view from model.
	Structure input letter tile in Unity
	Layout input letter tiles in Unity
	Press enter or space to submit word.
	If word in word list, next trial.
	Backspace removes letter.
	Highlight selected letters.
	Read help.
	Read letters.
	Read word 1 of 100.
	On type and submit, hear sound.
	On submit play animation.
	Word approaches over time.
	If word gets to bottom of screen, game over.
	Letters scatter on submit and then crawl.
	If repeat word, read help and shake sword.
	Cheat to level up.
	Mouse down to select a letter.
	Button to delete last letter.
	Button to submit.
	Play on Android phone.
	Append word list levels from text asset.
	Prerequisite levels with messages.
	Adjust level by relative speed.
	Convert syntax of model and levels by my repo:  as2cs.
	Standardize indent to tabs.
	To level up slower could consider:
		how many levels from the top
	Cheat to go up and down levels.
	Partially sort anagrams by word frequency.  (example:  stoure)
	May go down in level.
	Do not repeat words.  Once a word was repeated.
	Level up slower if taking several seconds.
		To level up slower could consider:
			lowest point of the word
			time on a word
	Beats the game.  Expects to see she won.
	Jennifer feels clear when repeating a word.
	When tap a letter that is duplicated, select that letter tapped.
	Jennifer feels clear when submitting a word successfully.
	Jennifer reads equal letter spacing.
	Game over.  Likes that can continue to enter.  Letters not overlapping delete or submit button.
	Sword goes off to the right if repeating word.  Read repeating word.
		Repeat word.  Jennifer Russ expects to see the word was repeated.
	Slow sliding moving letters at 0.125 speed to tap conveniently.
		Jennifer expected to not select a different letter by accident.
	Tutor.  Hide HUD except help.
	Hint button.  Outline next letter of most popular word behind input area.
		Test case:  2016-05-21 Jennifer Russ demands a hint (+2016-05-22, 2016-05-28)
		Hint button appears after next level would be lower.
		Then each 2 subwords after.  
	Background scrolls indicating time and next word.
		Tall image.
		Show next position if completing word now.
		Tween.
		Test case:  2016-05-28 Jennifer expects to realize time lowers next word.
	Large letter buttons to tap quickly:  4x3.
	Save last level.  Load last level.
		http://gamedevelopment.tutsplus.com/tutorials/how-to-save-and-load-your-players-progress-in-unity--cms-20934
		http://answers.unity3d.com/questions/8480/how-to-scrip-a-saveload-game-option.html
	Press button to Continue from last level.
	Game over.  Continue button.
	Checkpoint at each big flower.
	Performance analytics:  
		Scatter plot:
			start level vs level up.  
			start level vs response time.  
			start level vs hint count.  
			start level vs game over.  
		Log TSV:  response time, start level, level up, hint count, game over, word.
	Continue.  No letters selected or partially typed.
	Hint.  No mismatch between letters selected or partially typed.
	If attempt 5 shuffles until word not order of a word in dictionary, from left-to-right.
		Scene node model portable GameObject name x, y.
		Dictionary of string keys and dynamic values.  
			Unity 5.3 MonoDevelop-Unity debugger crashes.
		Sort by delegate.
			http://stackoverflow.com/a/3309397/1417849
			No LINQ to be portable syntax.
		Index reading order.
			sort x, name. 
			Name reading order.
		Lookup word.
	Extract AnagramController from AnagramView
		Variables assigned to game objects at addresses.
	Update Unity version to 5.3
		Remove unnecessary NUnit.
	Letters complete animation.  Then next word.
	Hit and complete not so loud.
	Letters do not overlap bottom buttons.
	Title on menu screen:  Word Power.
	Help text above word to be easy to read.
	Clear letter select image.
	Checkpoint.  Congratulation text.
	Spring color palette.

TODO

	Play to summarize opportunities to be consistent and clear.
	Compare to profitable word games for clean look and feel.
	Word animation.  Does not rotate.
	Repeat.  Different sound.
	Not accepted.  Different sound.
	New word approach sound.
	Clarify will lose when word at bottom.
	Pause button: show menu: continue, new game.
	Creep up to challenging word.
	Checkpoint.  Congratulation animation.
	Obvious buttons.
	Letter creep animation.
	Read limit hints.
	Hints at each checkpoint.
	Profile
		Optimize view update of letters.
	Animate letters if repeating word.
	Developer controls:
		Type user name.
			http://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/script-InputField.html
			http://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/TouchScreenKeyboard.Open.html
		Reset user level.
	Select user name from menu.
	Letter graphic.
	Menu to select any word.  Example:  WordBrain.
	Animate word bug damaging plant and ground that it covers.
		Animate repairing after defeating a bug.
	Google Play Store.
	Play in WebGL or WebPlayer.
		WebGL says "NotSupportedException: Collection is read-only"
		http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21471593/why-is-my-ilist-read-only
	Mouse down to select that letter when there are 2 copies.
	Animate various outcomes:  many subwords.  fast.  barely survive.
	Theme:  
		Word Sharp
		Word Star
		Word Peak
		Word Saga
		Word Bowling
		Word Ball
		Word War
	Experiment:  Only letters knocked back that had been spelled.  Knockback farther.
	Spider Word.  Looks like a spider on a thread.
	Words with 2 anagrams.
	More responsive.
	Main.cs to MainBehaviour.cs
	C# CapitalCase style functions.
	C# single line comment style.
	Fit screen sizes.
	Landscape layout and portrait layout.
	Button press.
	Clean font.
	Plant flower where you are.
	Animate 11th and 12th letters.
